<section class="intro" markdown="1">
	# Why Us?
	Roselle Auto Services is here to serve you if you are looking for auto services that you can count on. If you are located in Union County, Rahway, Elizabeth, Roselle, Union, Crawford, Plainfield, Scotch Plains, Bloomfield, Clark, Hillside, Roselle Park, Kenilwort, Westfield, Metuchen, Carteret, Avenel, Mountainside, Iselin, Irvington, or Maplewood, New Jersey, then you will find our company to be incredibly convenient. We offer a variety of services that locals can take advantage of at affordable rates, including: paintless dent removal, paintless dent repair, dent removal, dent repair, auto painting, frame straightening, frame repair, collision repair and more. We provide everything that you need in terms of auto body work. If you are in Linden, NJ or any of its surrounding areas, make an appointment to come and see us today. Our team of auto body repair experts at Roselle Auto Services can essentially restore your vehicle.
</section>
<section class="work">
	Roselle Auto Services has been serving locals for many years now. We stand out from other local companies because of our unparalleled commitment to excellence; affordable rates; demonstrated results and high level of customer service. You won’t find a better place for auto body work in Linden or any other nearby towns here in beautiful New Jersey. We also offer towing services for your convenience in the event that your vehicle is no longer drivable. If this happens, don’t panic – we will send one of our technicians out to pick up your car and to bring it to our Linden auto repair shop. We will get someone to you as quickly as possible. We know how stressful it is when your vehicle becomes damaged and we want to make the repair process as easy for you as possible. We will restore your vehicle back to the condition it was in before it became damaged. Of course, our experts here at Roselle Auto Services will gladly provide you with a free price quote for your requested service before we begin any work on your vehicle. This way, you will know what you are going to have to pay upfront and you won’t be surprised by additional fees that are not even necessary. We want to save you as much money as possible so we won’t try to upsell you with work that your car doesn’t really need. Roselle Auto Services truly is the area’s most reputable auto body repair shop. You won’t find a better shop for auto body work in New Jersey. We know a great deal of insurance adjusters and will work with you through that entire process, making things as easy on you as possible. Our Linden, NJ collision repair center has had many damaged vehicles come in and they have been removed by their owners after our services are completed in a pre-damaged state.
</section>